---
title: Entrees and Low-Calories Meals - Enjoy Healthy Recipes
description: Serving home-cooked meals and nutritious entrees is easy when you have healthy recipes that are not only quick to prepare, but good for you.
keywords: Entrees,healthy recipes,low-calorie meals
image: 
permalink: /entrees.html
excerpt: The beauty of this recipe is that it looks impressive enough for company but can be thrown together in less than twenty minutes. This serves 2-4 but can be easily multiplied.


images:
  - url: 
    alt: 
    title: 
    height: 100
    width: 150

categories: [Free Diet Recipes]
---

This recipe is one of the most popular entrees at my house. It is easy and delicious and has many variations. You can use any kind of fish. Salmon is my favorite. My friend, Pat, makes a version of the same recipe with Sea Bass. The beauty of this recipe is that it looks impressive enough for company but can be thrown together in less than twenty minutes. This serves 2-4 but can be easily multiplied.

In a large pan, combine 2 cans of petite-diced tomatoes (with liquid), 2 cans of chopped artichokes, 1/2 cup chopped onion, 2-3 cloves chopped or pressed garlic, 1 cup reduced-sodium chicken (or vegetable) broth, a handful of black or Greek olives (optional), and salt and pepper. Heat to a low boil. Place fish on top, skin side down, and cover. While the fish is cooking, steam 1-2 bags of baby spinach in a pot with a small amount of chicken broth and chopped garlic. Occasionally check the fish to make sure the liquid didn't evaporate. If it does, add more broth. The fish should be done in about 10 minutes. Place a bed of spinach on a plate, add fish on top, cover with tomato and artichoke sauce, and sprinkle with a small amount of feta cheese.

## Fish in a Foil Pouch..

* Oven-350 degrees
* Create a "salad" of spinach, artichoke hearts, olives, tomatoes, etc. (Just use your favorites.) 
* Use any kind of fish that is about 1 inch thick.  
* Place the fish on a piece of foil that has been sprayed with Pam.  Place a handful of salad on top of the fish.  Drizzle with 1T. Olive oil and lemon juice.
* Close up the foil tightly into a pouch and place on a cookie sheet.
* Bake for 20-25 minutes.

## Crock pot Mexican Chicken..

* My husband is a big fan of this entree. He loves the crock pot!
* In a crock pot, add the following:
* 3-4 chicken breasts (on the bottom)
* 16oz. can kidney beans, drained
* 16oz. can black beans, drained
* 16oz. can navy beans, drained
* 28oz. stewed, diced tomatoes
* 1 envelope of taco seasoning

Cook on low for 6-8 hours. Remove chicken and shred. Add back to pot with 1-11oz. can drained corn. Stir and let cook for an additional 30-60 minutes to heat through.

## Low Country Boil (also called Frogmore Stew)..

This delicious, fun entree is common in the Deep South. It's a great recipe to serve at a backyard party. Makes 12 servings (adjust accordingly)

* 5 quarts water
* 1/4 cup Old Bay Seasoning
* 3-4 pounds of medium raw shrimp, in shell
* 4 pounds of small red potatoes
* 2 pounds "light" or turkey kielbasa, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces
* 6 ears of fresh corn, cut into thirds (can use frozen)
* Cocktail sauce

Bring 5 quarts of water and 1/4 cup of Old Bay seasoning to a boil and in a large covered pot. Add potatoes, return to boil, and cook uncovered 10 minutes. Add sausage and corn, and return to a boil. Cook 10 minutes or until the potatoes are tender. Add shrimp and cook 3-4 minutes until they turn pink. Drain and serve with Old Bay Seasoning and cocktail sauce. NOTE: This dish is usually "dumped" on a newspaper-covered outdoor table and eaten with fingers and lots of napkins!

## Lee and Jackie's Vegetable Quiche..
In addition to breakfast, this delicious quiche with a salad makes an excellent entree for dinner. (Makes 12 muffin-sized quiches, 77 calories, 3 g. fat, 2 g. fiber)

* 1-10oz. pkg. frozen, chopped spinach
* 3/4 cup Egg Beaters
* 3/4 cup shredded, reduced-fat cheese
* 1/4 cup diced, green bell peppers
* 1/4 cup diced onions
* 3 drops hot pepper sauce (optional)

Saute or microwave peppers and onions to soften. Microwave spinach for 2 1/2 minutes on high. Drain excess liquid. Line 12 muffin tins with foil baking cups and spray with Pam. Combine egg substitute, cheese, peppers, onions, and spinach in a bowl. Mix well. Divide evenly among the cups. Bake at 350 for 20 minutes, until a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean.

__NOTE:__ Jackie said she uses more onions and peppers than the recipe calls for. She also does not cook the spinach first and she no longer uses the cup liners. She freezes the quiche cups and microwaves them as needed.

## Tuna and Cannelloni..

I often make a double amount of this entree and eat it for several days at lunch!

* 1 Lg. can tuna
* 1 can cannelloni beans, drained
* ¼ cup capers
* ½ cup red onion, sliced thin
* Cherry tomatoes
* 2T. Olive oil
* 4 T. red wine vinegar (adjust to taste)
* Garlic powder, salt, pepper to taste 

Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Add olive oil and vinegar, garlic, salt, and pepper. Mix well. This can be eaten alone or served over lettuce.

## Pat's Quick Chop Suey..

* 1 pound of lean, ground turkey
* 4 stalks of celery, chopped, with leaves
* 1/4-1/2 head green cabbage, chopped
* 1 large, white onion, chopped

Sauce:

* 2 cups water
* 2 T. corn starch
* Low-sodium soy sauce to taste

Saute turkey, onion, and veggies in 2 tsp. olive oil. Stir in sauce. Serve with brown rice.

## Elaine's Crock pot Oatmeal..

* 2 ½ c milk
* ¼ c packet brown sugar
* 1 tbsp. melted butter
* ¼ tsp. salt
* ½ tsp. cinnamon
* 1c quick cooking oats
* 1 c chopped apples
* ½ c raisins
* ½ c chopped walnuts

Prepare just before going to bed. Grease the inside of crock pot. Put ingredients inside the crock pot and mix with wire whisk; cover. Turn on LOW. Ready in the morning.

## Elaine's Baked Chicken Reuben..

Try this entree and you will love it! (Serves 4, 7 points each)

* 4 boneless chicken breast
* 16 oz. sauerkraut
* 4 slices fat free Swiss cheese
* 1 ¼ c fat free thousand island

Spray baking pan. Layer chicken, sauerkraut, cheese and salad dressing. Cover w/foil. Bake at 325 degrees for 90 minutes.

## Elaine's Baked Fish..

(Serves 4)

* 4  4oz. fish (salmon, flounder, orange roughy)
* 1/3 c light mayo
* 2 T grated Parmesan
* 2 T fresh chives or sliced scallions
* 1/3 T white wine Worcester sauce

Rinse fish and pat dry. Mix mayo, cheese, chives or scallions, and sauce. Spray 8x8 dish. Place fish in dish and cover with mix. Bake at 450 degrees for 12-15min.